.NET is for projects large and small
    You might wounder if .NET is th right ecosystem to invest your time in learning. Millions of develpers use .NET every day
    to do amazing things. It gives them tools to build the kind of applications that matter to them

    Choose .NET when productivity matters
        After your learn how to build an appliation based on one app model, you can easily apply your learning to something else. Even if it uses A
        different app model. For instances, after your learn how to build a web appliation, your .NET skills translate to building a mobile app.

        Respurposing your knowladge reduces the time investment involved in learning a new programming model or language. Your company saves time and expese when
        you're tasked with new challenges.

    Choose .NET for enterprise-scale applications
        .NET is popular in enterprises for several reasons. Advantages include its ecosystem and its integrations with other Microsoft products, including Azure
        cloud service and on-premises server products. Further, .NET is a "strongly typed" system, so its avoids many of the bugs that can arise in "loosely type" systems.
        Developers can choose to use an object-based prardigm in C#, or a functionality-based paradigm in F#. They use the languages that best fits the kind of problems
        they need to solve.

    Choose .NET for prototype, stat-ups, and small-scale applications
        .NET is also popular for small projects because of its long history of impobements to the design of languages, APIs, and tool based on customer feedback and telemetry.
        You can use it to develop full-featured software quickly for prototyping purposes. Furthermore, .NET can run on inexpesive hardware and cloud services. It also outperforms
        other popular platforms, so it's a great fit for start-up businesses.

    Choose .NET for cloud and AI applicantions
        The Azure SDK for .NET allows developers to provides and manage Azure resources. Alternatively Azure App Service and Azure functions can host application built
        using .NET languages.

        ML.NET is free machine learning library for .NET languages, It enables model.based campabilities for machine learning analysis and prediction.

    Choose .NET for IoT application
        You can use .NET to build IoT applicantions for IoT devices and scenarios. IoT applicantions typically interact with sensors, displays, and input devices that require
        the use of general-purpose I/O (GPIO) pins, serial ports, or similar hardware. For exemple, you can find libraries that work with pupular boards like Raspberry Pi and
        HummingBoard.